[Data][Docs] Revise "ML Tensor Support" (#34999)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/data.rst

e.g., using actors for optimizing setup time and GPU scheduling, and supports data throughputs of
100GiB/s or more for common inference workloads.

To learn more about the features Ray Data supports, read the
:ref:`Data User Guide <data_user_guide>`.

---------------------------------------
Streaming Preprocessing for ML Training
---------------------------------------

Use Ray Data to load and preprocess data for distributed :ref:`ML training pipelines <train-docs>` in a streaming fashion.

> Ray Data is intended to serve as a last-mile bridge from storage or ETL pipeline outputs to distributed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray Data serves as a last-mile bridge from storage or ETL pipeline outputs to distributed
```
